federalist 35 the same subject continued
concerning the general power of taxation
for the independent journal
hamilton to the people of the state of
new york
before we proceed to examine any other
objections to an indefinite power of
taxation in the union
i shall make one general remark which is
that if the jurisdiction of the national
government
in the article of revenue should be
restricted to particular objects
it would naturally occasion an undue
proportion of the public burdens to fall
upon those objects
two evils would spring from this source
the oppression of particular branches of
industry
and an unequal distribution of the taxes
as well among the several states as
among the citizens of the same state
suppose as has been contended for the
federal power of taxation were to be
confined to duties on imports
it is evident that the government for
want of being able to command
other resources would frequently be
tempted to extend these duties to an
injury a success
there are persons who imagine that they
can never be carried to too great a
length
since the higher they are the more it is
alleged they will tend to discourage an
extravagant consumption to produce a
favorable balance of trade and to
promote domestic manufactures
but all extremes are pernicious in
various ways exorbitant duties on
imported articles would beget a general
spirit of smuggling
which is always prejudicial to the fair
trader and eventually to the revenue
itself
they tend to render other classes of the
community tributary in an improper
degree to the manufacturing classes to
whom they give a premature monopoly of
the markets
they sometimes force industry out of its
more natural channels into others in
which it flows with less advantage
and in the last place they oppress the
merchant who is often obliged
to pay them himself without any
retribution from the consumer
when the demand is equal to the quantity
of goods at market the consumer
generally pays the duty
but when the markets happen to be
overstocked a great proportion falls
upon the merchant and sometimes not only
exhausts his profits
but breaks in upon his capital i am apt
to think that a division of the duty
between the seller and the buyer more
often happens than is commonly imagined
it is not always possible to raise the
price of a commodity in exact proportion
to every additional imposition laid upon
it
the merchant especially in a country of
small commercial capital
is often under a necessity of keeping
prices down in order to a more
expeditious sale
the maxim that the consumer is the payer
is so much often are true than the
reverse of the proposition that it is
far more equitable that the duties on
imports should go into a common stock
than that they should redown to the
exclusive benefit of the importing
states
but it is not so generally true as to
render it equitable
that those duties should form the only
national fund
when they are paid by the merchant they
operate as an additional tax upon the
importing state
whose citizens pay their proportion of
them in the character of consumers
in this view they are productive of
inequality among the states
which inequality would be increased with
the increased extent of the duties
the confinement of the national revenues
to this species of imposts
would be attended with inequality from a
different cause between the
manufacturing and the non-manufacturing
states
the states which can go farthest towards
the supply of their own wants by their
own manufacturers will not
according to their numbers or wealth
consume so great a portion of
imported articles as those states which
are not in the same favorable situation
they would not therefore in this mode
alone contribute to the public treasury
and a ratio to their abilities
to make them do this it is necessary
that recourse be had to excises the
proper objects of which are particular
kinds of manufactures
new york is more deeply interested in
these considerations than such of her
citizens as contend for limiting the
power of the union to external taxation
may be aware of
new york is an importing state and is
not likely speedily to be to any great
extent a manufacturing state
she would of course suffer in a double
light from restraining the jurisdiction
of the union to commercial imposts
so far as these observations tend to
inculcate a danger of the import duties
being extended to an injurious extreme
it may be observed conformably to a
remark made in another part of these
papers that the interest of the revenue
itself would be a sufficient guard
against such an extreme
i readily admit that this would be the
case as long as other resources were
open
but if the avenues to them were closed
hope stimulated by necessity
would beget experiments fortified by
rigorous precautions and additional
penalties which
for a time would have the intended
effect till there had been leisure to
contrive expedience to elude these new
precautions
the first success would be apt to
inspire false opinions
which it might require a long course of
subsequent experience to correct
necessity especially in politics often
occasions false hopes
false reasonings and a system of
measures correspondingly erroneous
but even if the supposed excess should
not be a consequence of the limitation
of the federal power of taxation
the inequality spoken of would still
ensue though not in the same degree
from the other causes that have been
noticed let us now return to the
examination of objections
one which if we may judge from the
frequency of its repetition seems most
to be relied on
is that the house of representatives is
not sufficiently numerous for the
reception of
all the different classes of citizens in
order to combine the interests and
feelings of every part of the community
and to produce a deuce sympathy between
the representative body and its
constituents
this argument presents itself under a
very specious and seducing form
and is well calculated to lay hold of
the prejudices of those to whom it is
addressed
but when we come to dissect it with
attention it will appear to be made up
of nothing but fair-sounding words
the object it seems to aim at is in the
first place
impracticable and in the sense in which
it is contended for
is unnecessary i reserve for another
place the discussion of the question
which relates to the sufficiency of the
representative body in respect to
numbers
and shall content myself with examining
here the particular use which has been
made of a contrary supposition
in reference to the immediate subject of
our inquiries
the idea of an actual representation of
all classes of the people
by persons of each class is altogether
visionary
unless it were expressly provided in the
constitution that each different
occupation
should send one or more members the
thing would never take place
in practice mechanics and manufacturers
will always be inclined with few
exceptions to give their votes to
merchants in preference to persons of
their own professions or trades
those discerning citizens are well aware
that the mechanic and manufacturing arts
furnish the materials of mercantile
enterprise and industry
many of them indeed are immediately
connected with the operations of
commerce
they know that the merchant is their
natural patron and friend
and they are aware that however great
the confidence they may justly feel in
their own
good sense their interests can be more
effectually promoted by the merchant
than by themselves
they are sensible that their habits in
life have not been such as to give them
those acquired endowments without which
in a deliberative assembly the greatest
natural abilities are for
the most part useless and that the
influence and weight and superior
requirements of the merchants
render them more equal to a contest with
any spirit which might happen to infuse
itself into the public councils
unfriendly to the manufacturing and
trading interests
these considerations and many others
that might be mentioned prove and
experience confirms it
that artisans and manufacturers will
commonly be disposed to bestow their
votes upon merchants
and those whom they recommend we must
therefore consider merchants as the
natural representatives of all these
classes of the community
with regard to the learned professions
little need be observed they truly form
no distinct interest in society
and according to their situation and
talents will be indiscriminately the
objects of the confidence and choice of
each other
and of other parts of the community
nothing remains but the landed interest
and this in a political view and
particularly in relation to taxes
i take to be perfectly united from the
wealthiest landlord down to the poorest
tenant
no tax can be laid on land which will
not affect the proprietor of millions of
acres as well as the proprietor of a
single acre
every landholder will therefore have a
common interest to keep the taxes on
land as low as possible
and common interest may always be
reckoned upon as the surest bond of
sympathy
but if we even could suppose a
distinction of interest between the
opulent landholder and the middling
farmer
what reason is there to conclude that
the first would stand a better chance of
being deputed to the national
legislature than the last
if we take fact as our guide and look
into our own senate and assembly
we shall find that moderate proprietors
of land prevail in both
nor is this less the case in the senate
which consists of a smaller number than
in the assembly which is composed of a
greater number
where the qualifications of the electors
are the same whether they have to choose
a small or a large number
their votes will fall upon those in whom
they have most confidence
whether these happen to be men of large
fortunes or of moderate property or of
no property at all
it is said to be necessary that all
classes of citizens should have some of
their own number in the representative
body
in order that their feelings and
interests may be the better understood
and attended to
but we have seen that this will never
happen under any arrangement that leaves
the votes of the people free
where this is the case the
representative body with too few
exceptions to have any influence on the
spirit of the government
will be composed of landholders
merchants and men of the learned
professions
but where is the danger that the
interests and feelings of the different
classes of citizens will not be
understood or attended to
by these three descriptions of men will
not the landholder know and feel
whatever will promote or ensure the
interest of landed property and will he
not from his own interest in that
species
of property be sufficiently prone to
resist every attempt to prejudice or
encumber it
will not the merchant understand and be
disposed to cultivate as far as maybe
proper the interests of the mechanic and
manufacturing arts to which his commerce
is so nearly allied
will not the man of the learner
profession who will feel a neutrality to
the rival ships between the different
branches of industry
be likely to prove an impartial arbiter
between them ready to promote either so
far as it shall appear to him conducive
to the general interests of the society
if we take into account the momentary
humors or dispositions which may happen
to prevail in particular parts of the
society and to which a wise
administration will never be inattentive
is the man whose situation leads to
extensive inquiry and information
less likely to be a competent judge of
their nature extent and foundation than
one whose observation does not travel
beyond the circle of his neighbors and
acquaintances
is it not natural that a man who is a
candidate for the favor of the people
and who is dependent on the suffrages of
his fellow citizens for the continuance
of his public honors
should take care to inform himself of
their dispositions and inclinations
and should be willing to allow them
their proper degree of influence upon
his conduct
this dependence and the necessity of
being bound himself and his posterity by
the laws to which he gives his ascent
are the true and they are the strong
cords of sympathy between the
representative and the constituent
there is no part of the administration
of government that requires extensive
information and a thorough knowledge of
the principles of political
economy so much as the business of
taxation the man who understands these
principles best
will be least likely to resort to
oppressive expedience or sacrifice any
particular class of citizens to the
procurement of revenue
it might be demonstrated that the most
productive system of finance will always
be the least burdensome
there can be no doubt that in order to a
judicious exercise of the power of
taxation
it is necessary that the person in whose
hands it should be acquainted with the
general genius habits and modes of
thinking of the people at large
and with the resources of the country
and this is all that can be reasonably
meant by knowledge of the interests and
feelings of the people
in any other sense the proposition has
either no meaning or an absurd one
and in that sense let every considerate
citizen judge for himself
where the requisite qualification is
most likely to be found
publius